hey hey hey
so on this lovely Wednesday evening I
thought I would show you guys run my
room properly make sure you have
arranged it because I have never
actually done an in-depth room tour and
I feel like I should because I mean I
feel a way I like things arranged now
way I like my stuff organized and I want
to just kind of show you the kind of
rooms we have here at Jesus as well so
that you can see you've obviously seen
glimpses of it in my books if you watch
them if you haven't they're back on my
channel so you can go watch some of you
want to don't have to talk to you and
yeah I'll show you around a bit so as
you can which we get a lot in first time
we thought it was hilarious now but it
just means that you can do someone's
room from the outside which is actually
a little bit creepy and shouldn't be
done so yeah always wear its jacket
because it's funny to war jackets which
is we have these operate the lights
electricity okay so I've now just put
you around to the wardrobe so this is
just on the side of the little kind of
mini corridor thing that you get as you
walk in and there we have it it is very
spacious like we are very lucky I was
quite shocked and festal so up here to
the side here we have rail up there I
don't know I think that's out of you
short but there is a rope believe me and
I keep all my clothes in here as many
hang up always don't bring enough
hangers I say to myself every time bring
more hangers but do I listen no here are
drawers where I keep more I usually shop
here some jeans that I wore yesterday I
couldn't hang up or just shut that in
there and I'll just under you to the
side and here we go here you can see my
shoe collection face shoes I literally
wear these all day every day so just go
with everything got my heels for long
these are my classic formal it's
not too high on the heel so comfortable
walking love them so here's the clothes
rail so yeah plenty of space for lots of
things in and of course I've got my gown
I cut now if you can see that my gown in
there as well
love it so then I should come out the
corridor here is the view or my room so
here we have the bet got your desk over
there you've got your nice little pieces
notice for what should have in every
room in college I think that's the same
like in all the colleges you always have
a notice board which is really handy I
usually use it just decorative purposes
but people you can actually pin
important stuff information up that I
haven't quite brought myself to pin up
exam date so I feel like that might
stress me out just a little bit but
people do so it's up to what you want to
doing that every room has an armchair
I have covered mine in a pink throw from
Primark here we have the bed I use a
mattress protector because the what's it
called what's the word mattress
Oh what the mattress is not very
comfortable with quite hard so after the
first term I was like okay I definitely
in the mattress protect from men
and once you've got the mattress
protective on it it's actually very
comfortable obviously I've got my lovely
feather bedding cover from the range
which I love I chose this before coming
and yeah very much liked it and up above
the arms out which I'm standing on now I
have this lovely painting it is from the
Jesus College art collection and I'd
likes the purples and pinks
they just matched my kind of pinky vibe
going on so I just paid I think like a
fiver for this and I've got it for the
year and then I returned it to the Jesus
Cobb collection at the end of the year
but it's quite nice because all rooms
have three wall hooks on the wall so you
can hang up a photo frame or a picture
statement piece and again with the art
you can see above my bed there a photo
or me and my friends which was like a
few days after we arrived and here we
have the photo there's me there and then
while the staircase pals and file beds
we all have a bedside table I like to
keep a glass of water of mine because I
get very thirsty overnight all the time
I've got a little coaster saying nobody
puts Prosecco in the corner love that
this is my radio alarm it's also a dock
for my phone so I can charge my phone on
there and yeah it's a very good alarm I
like it very much it gets me up on time
here we have our laps you tap it to get
different levels of brightness and then
him--do if you have my extension leads
to plug in things by my bed so I'll
usually plug in things like my
straightness my hair dryers my phone
charger you can see there and there
the straighteners which I use quite
regularly I my hair is kind of naturally
wavy it's like it's people say hey your
hair's straight but it's not it kind of
flicks out so I do like to straighten it
fairly regularly with these exam stress
we have might be back this is a bean bag
that I bring from home I brought it last
term and this term I didn't have it
first time but I found that in first
term I don't really have a nice
comfortable seat to sit in and where my
friends in my room were chatting it's
nice to have more seats so yeah it's
been enjoyed by all here we have the old
fireplace behind it no it's not a
working fireplace but it looks nice
doesn't it really it kind of adds that
whole vibe going on around the fireplace
super fairy lights going around and then
here my clarinet understand I played
clarinet for quite a number of years now
yeah that's been sitting up some was
playing it the other day reminiscing
solved my own great six pieces okay and
I've just zoomed you in on my
mantelpiece
so in Center I have that's me and my
sister pictures I like these I've got
over here and this one here just
decorative shiny like pieces these on
the mantelpiece on my rock collection
I'm a geologist you know I study a bit
of Earth Sciences here we have a picture
of my grandparents and my auntie which I
like to look at here I have a little
easel like painting of where I went on
holiday in Austria last summer with my
youth band and then I have my program
from my dance competition in Blackpool
last term just to remember that so my
notice board up here I have Easter cards
from my parents auntie I believe great
we'll just pin that back up there
me but yeah so Easter cards this is my
medal the everyone on the beginners team
for dance bought last time oh my god
what is my life really we're just gonna
leave that down you know later this is
the number from my rowing race here I
have my menu from the Boat Club dinner
last her at boat club dinners we write
on everyone else's menus the men is
passed around and you just sign them and
you write messages to each other
and it's so cute to look back on so I
love that here are pictures of what my
friends from home came to visit me and
here is menu from the physical Natural
Sciences one a dinner last time but we
had for everyone in my subject at Jesus
yeah you'll see I have a lot of menus
from going to meals and whatnot I just
like to keep the menus like they're
really good like keepsakes you know I'll
be like oh my god I remember that meal
I remember having those College truffles
its new nice this is a little postcard
from my friend Maisie from home because
I was complaining I never get that much
mail or anything on my pigeonhole so
it's just really nice and sent me
postcard and over here we have a little
shelf space like the amount of shelf
space is actually ridiculous so much to
do myself with so many free shelves I'm
looking to fill with stuff so I'm gonna
see new ends so you can see more closely
what I've got on each one so starting
down the bottom we have just bangs my
lab coat and lab goals are in that bag
these are my spare hand bags
here we have going up a shelf my current
bag which is filled with all my current
stuff that I take when I'm going out to
lectures or to supervision so in pencil
case and my diary and my purse and all
that jazz just my day bag going along we
have my music folder with all my
clarinet music and my clarinet case you
just saw my clarinet setups it's not
actually in there but well it's kept in
moving up we have spare folders and that
I usually hand in my supervision work
into my supervisors pigeon holes in
these
shoulders and then these are my spare
paper pads a mess of graph paper in
there and then over here we have like
physics practical manuals and other bits
and pieces notebooks from my jewelers
you field trip that can't be filed away
into folders so they go in their own
separate pile moving a lot over here I
keep my kind of my accessory bits so in
here I have all my jewelry what a mess
moving on up these are my glasses
in this case for women or incontinence
then I have prescription sunglasses and
non-prescription sunglasses and that's
actually just a spare case to be honest
and here I have my mirror this is what I
do my hair in and then moving along I
have all my folders these house all my
work basically what I follow myself
myself away in to keep myself organized
this is my scientific computing folder
from last two terms this is my mattes
folder physics earth sciences chemistry
chemistry earth sciences again okay up
on this shelf I keep all my bike stuff
so I have my bike helmet
I also have my biking gloves in here
you're half my bike keys I have spare
the looser bike lights my other ones
somewhere else moving along to the last
shelf I use I have cards here for when I
fancy playing a few games of cards you
know and north playing cards here I have
a couple of books in case they ever get
free moment hasn't happened yet but you
never know if here we have my Jesus
College bobble hat red and black the
colors of Jesus College I often wear
this for sing and in the winter
when it's cold I feel like the weather's
kind getting to the point where I'm not
gonna need this anymore
here I have my son cap when it's sunny
and a rain Mac when it's raining I might
even crap out in the next few days
because it's getting a bit ring
it's not really cold it's just wet and
yeah I have two extra shells at the
talks I don't use I wouldn't know to
reach that step I just so don't see much
you snip and maybe one here we have the
desk area where I do most of my work I
quite like just working in my room I
find our most productive when I'm here
by myself in a really focused
environment we have my daylight lap down
the street
it's like daylight which I love because
last time I just dealt with this lamp
that they supply but it just was not
bright enough I straining my eyes so
much so then I have things like paper
clips on my desk always paper clipping
my stuff together like always state
sellotape hole punch a little port of
spare pens pencils scissors tractor or
useful here is here I've got my current
notes
I've been revising this evening so I'm
going after bits and carry on oh that's
scrap paper this is a file which has
like important bits and pieces like exam
times here I have my laptop that I like
do all my work on I add it on it as well
like I do everything on it
and I have a little charger here and I
always plug its charge right there
because I'm pretty much using it every
day to work oh and of course one thing I
am sitting on a chair I want it actually
broken yeah wasn't me
here we go here's the desk chair for you
to see and moving along we have my
drawers which are in my desk so top
drawer is where I keep all that might
work Easter I have a flash card under
here my happiness journal calculator my
Kindle
this Claire but I could plug into my
laptop spare pens highlighters envelopes
when I want to send mail I didn't need
that master
yeah paper clips specced a pool pins
from a notice board my brand-new monitor
I'll zoom you in and this is my desk
stroke close-up you can see my grandma
lammeter know how well you can see it
but I made that myself you know all in
the next drawer dad I keep close and I
keep just my job is in here I haven't
brought too many jumpers this term
because hopefully it's the big a sunny
why it's summer and then in a draw
nothing nothing much really interesting
to see and here I have a chest of bras
on the top I keep my makeup collection
my pride and joy you see it's got quite
big now well at least I think this is
big for me this does not even shop um so
yeah all my lipsticks my brushes in
there my foundation in the chest of
drawers my top drawer is my underwear
drawer in here I have my pajamas and
just comfy clothes and my swimming
costume in case I should go swimming in
Cambridge no shirts that likely and in
here I have my shorts trousers you've
done in bits and bobs yeah over in this
corner I have my laundry bit Hey I just
shut everything that used to be washed
into and when it comes to wanting to do
laundry I shove colors and lights into
separate bags and take the one dance the
laundry room and behind I have a
lighting board only use it to be honest
like it takes time which I don't really
have and also this ironing board isn't
the greatest because it's got like
really short legs which get in the way
we and trying to put a top like over the
ironing board I knit this is really
calming iron very well in this so betty
is that yes
is my clothes airer its new because I
forgot my one that I usually bring and I
haven't done laundry yet this term and
really even further round we have by
another kind of cupboard units so in
here this is just my spare towels and
spare Bennett oh and here I'll add it to
big normal waste cleaner actually just
put some both in the same bag like I
don't think she really cares about
recycling but on the first shelf here
this is kind of my food shelf so here my
jaffa cakes I always do that test the
jaffa cakes because I'm just going
through the revision don't make milk
chocolate digestives always without
these I have to breakfast there Bovie to
soft baked
here I have empty water bottles which I
reuse and fill up my water when I'm
going places just out the tap and this
is my biscuits hint which I usually put
biscuits in one eye opened them to keep
them nice my desk digestives in there
actually moving on up to the next shelf
this is kind of my cleaning shelf so I
have things like all my laundry powders
this is my is my hand wash powder
I've got vanish as well which I can't
say of use done at all actually don't
think maybe I'll have to look into that
it's probably a step in the laundry that
haven't quite taken yet and oh my iron
as well as quite key thing so in any
clock see too clearly out peanut but
basically we just got like my medicine
box have hand sanitizers glasses wipes
it's my glasses you get a bit probably I
am more plans up up the top here you can
see my purple tub which I do hand
washing in okay and through this door we
go my ensuite bathroom which I love on
the back of the door I have door hooks
and I have my dressing-gown hanging up
and oh whoops my favorite card go in
there which it's just like a second
dressing-gown to me to be honest so
bringing you into the bathroom him help
my sink my big hand soap my retainer now
the toothbrush do you really see this
probably not
but yeah nice pink area place to put
your stuff and up here we have the
mirror it actually opens out so I have a
window behind but it's cool way to keep
that shot head of wings I'm a toilet
look towels I have a hand towel and a
large trout and here I have your boots
where I leave all my stuff like my
shower cap and here we have the shower
it's a decent shower
I'll give it that no problems with it
well that's sometimes actually I think
cause my top floor so we've at the end
of the I don't know the pipe system
works but um sometimes the water
suddenly goes hot and then cold off
before that averaging out it's weird
it's not that big a deal well I think
it's better than my shower at home to be
honest with you say no complaints there
so that is it as you can see is dark now
is definitely time to wind down by that
I mean do some organic chemistry cry but
yeah thank you for watching do give it a
like if you enjoyed it and then I will
know if you like room tours and I can do
more room tours or other people's rooms
I've got some friends who would be very
happy to show their rooms and I'd do a
little tour of it and their rooms aren't
different to mine because they're in
different parts of college so if you're
interested in seeing more cambridge
accommodation do let me know in the
comments or give the video a like and
subscribe as well for more videos from
me I do lots of looks and just kind of
Cambridge related videos see you soon
bye